Change basic example in README.md (#22)
Certora/certora-run-action: README.md

        uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - uses: Certora/certora-run-action@v1
        with:

>           # Add your configurations as lines, where each line is separate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Add your configurations as lines, each line is separated.
```

>           # You can specify additional options for each configuration by adding them after the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Specify additional options for each configuration by adding them after the configuration.
```

      # Run Certora Prover
      - uses: Certora/certora-run-action@v1
        with:

>           # Add your configurations as lines, where each line is separate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Add your configurations as lines, each line is separated.
```

>           # You can specify additional options for each configuration by adding them after the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Specify additional options for each configuration by adding them after the configuration.
```
